# ST404 (ScalableToken404 or SmartToken404) README

## Overview

ST404 introduces an innovative token standard that builds upon the ERC404 framework, aiming to optimize gas efficiency and incorporate dynamic, game-like elements into token transactions. This project merges the liquidity and transferability of ERC20 tokens with the unique identification and collectibility of ERC721 tokens. It is designed to address the challenges of high gas costs in large token transfers and enhance user engagement through unique token characteristics.

## Key Features

- **Malleable Tokens**: Introduces a concept of "malleable" tokens which represent a pool of ERC20 tokens that have not been individualized or transferred as ERC721 tokens. This design simplifies ERC20 transactions by reducing gas costs.
- **Virtual NFTs**: Each ERC20 token in the malleable pool is associated with a unique, virtual NFT, identified by a deterministic token ID, adding a layer of collectibility.
- **Dynamic Token ID System**: Token IDs are generated by concatenating the user's address with an index, enabling efficient and unique identification for each token in a user's balance.
- **Optimized Gas Consumption**: The design significantly reduces gas consumption for ERC20 transactions while maintaining the unique functionalities of ERC721 tokens.
- **Compatible with both ERC20 and ERC721**: Like the prior effort ERC404, this contract implements full support of ERC20 and ERC721 interfaces

## Design Philosophy

ST404 aims to create a hybrid token ecosystem that supports efficient token transactions without compromising on the unique characteristics of individual tokens. The project leverages a sequential ordering of tokens within a virtual space, ensuring that each token can be uniquely identified and collected. This approach addresses the scalability issues of the original ERC404 standard by optimizing gas usage and introducing a dynamic, interactive element to token management.

## Getting Started

This project comes with a sample contract, a test for that contract, and a script that deploys that contract.

Try running some of the following tasks:

```shell
npx hardhat help
npx hardhat test
REPORT_GAS=true npx hardhat test
npx hardhat node
npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.ts
```
